What? It's impossible.
You know my condition?
Don Ryan, the doctor said it's unlikely,
but it's not impossible.
You might have gotten lucky.
Hey, what are you two wise guys talking about?
I'm Logan.
But a month ago, a woman named Lawrence Wilson
hooked up with Don Ryan at the club.
Look at this.
The timing checks out and everything.
Who?
Lord, I must be a blessed man.
Leaving the mob and becoming a real doctor.
Ryan, congratulations.
You get to finally have an era of your own.
I never said I would accept her.
She's a cold girl.
Who knows who's baby she's carrying?
Don't be a fucking asshole, Ryan.
Our family doesn't abandon women.
Even if there's a small chance, Ryan,
we take responsibility for our actions.
Just like with Lord and her mother,
how Lord asked me to take care of you.
Don't let her down on this.
Capiche?
Fine.
I understand.
Simon, I want you to look into her.
If she is playing with us, I want you to send her to Siberia.
You got it?
I won't quit looking for you, even if I do her a child.
You bitch.
What are you doing?
You ruined my boyfriend's business.
You got him kicked out by Don Ryan.
You gave this.
You better think carefully about this.
I'm Don Ryan's woman.
You really think you've caught Don Ryan's eye?
He's the top dog of the mob.
But if you slept with him,
he's just another notch on his belt.
Get her.
I'm pregnant with his baby.
You expect us to buy that?
Everyone knows that Don can't have kids.
Don Ryan won't let anyone spread rumors about him.
If you hurt me.
You're really carrying his kid.
Where is he now?
No one is buying your story.
I'll call Don Ryan right now.
Back off, and we can forget this ever happened.